README.md, before:

# tiny-helpers.dev

> A collection of useful online web development tools.

![Screenshot of tiny-helpers.dev](./screenshot.jpg)

## Contributing

Make sure you have a recent version of [Node.js installed](https://nodejs.org/en/) (we recommend at least version `v12.14.`). After installing Node.js you'll have the `node` but also the [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/) command available. npm is Node.js' package manager.

**Additionally, please have a look at the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) including further information about what counts as a tiny helper.**

Fork and clone this repository. Head over to your terminal and run the following command:

```
git clone git@github.com:[YOUR_USERNAME]/tiny-helpers.git
cd tiny-helpers
npm ci
npm run helper:add
```

### Add a new helper

`npm run helper:add` will ask a few questions and create a file in `helpers/`.
Commit the changes and [open a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

### Run the project locally

This project uses Vercel's routing configuration. The `/` route doesn't work locally. To start, navigate to `localhost:8080/home/` after running `npm run dev`.

```
npm run dev
```

## Contributors :sparkles:
<table>
    <!-- Only 10 <td> (cell) per <tr> (row) please -->
    <tr>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/stefanjudis">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/962099?v=4" width="75;" alt="stefanjudis"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Stefan Judis</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/fhemberger">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/153481?v=4" width="75;" alt="fhemberger"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Frederic Hemberger</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/nikitahl">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/12826823?v=4" width="75;" alt="nikitahl"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Nikita Hlopov</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/akx">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/58669?v=4" width="75;" alt="akx"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Aarni Koskela</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/0xadada">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/51207?v=4" width="75;" alt="0xadada"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>0xADADA</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/mrassili">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25288435?v=4" width="75;" alt="mrassili"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Marouane R</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/Ben1980">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/919260?v=4" width="75;" alt="Ben1980"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Benjamin Mahr</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/manniL">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/640208?v=4" width="75;" alt="manniL"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Alexander Lichter</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/CanRau">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/5196971?v=4" width="75;" alt="CanRau"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Can Rau</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/bjuretko">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/30392977?v=4" width="75;" alt="bjuretko"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Benedict Juretko</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/Kilian">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/41970?v=4" width="75;" alt="Kilian"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Kilian Valkhof</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/philnash">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/31462?v=4" width="75;" alt="philnash"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Phil Nash</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/remy">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/13700?v=4" width="75;" alt="remy"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Remy Sharp</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/Sjeiti">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/785706?v=4" width="75;" alt="Sjeiti"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Ron Valstar</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/TomTasche">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/128734?v=4" width="75;" alt="TomTasche"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Thomas Taschauer</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/axe312ger">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1737026?v=4" width="75;" alt="axe312ger"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Benedikt Rötsch</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/nicokoenig">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/16404104?v=4" width="75;" alt="nicokoenig"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Nico König</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/bkmxer">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/18457056?v=4" width="75;" alt="bkmxer"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Anton Ilchuk</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/austinpray">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/2192970?v=4" width="75;" alt="austinpray"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Austin Pray</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/caseymhunt">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2065615?v=4" width="75;" alt="caseymhunt"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Casey Hunt</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/ChristianGrieger">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/8712219?v=4" width="75;" alt="ChristianGrieger"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Christian Grieger</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/stof">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/439401?v=4" width="75;" alt="stof"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Christophe Coevoet</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/crgeary">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/3949335?v=4" width="75;" alt="crgeary"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Christopher Geary</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/dylanatsmith">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6905903?v=4" width="75;" alt="dylanatsmith"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Dylan Smith</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/innocenzi">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/16060559?v=4" width="75;" alt="innocenzi"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Enzo Innocenzi</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/loilo">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1922624?v=4" width="75;" alt="loilo"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Florian Reuschel</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/c1rrus">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/358435?v=4" width="75;" alt="c1rrus"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>James Nash</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/Cherry">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/856748?v=4" width="75;" alt="Cherry"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>James Ross</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/jankohlbach">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/43587328?v=4" width="75;" alt="jankohlbach"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Jan Kohlbach</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/gnclmorais">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/385232?v=4" width="75;" alt="gnclmorais"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Gonçalo Morais</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

fix: adding information to set port
otherwise you get strange error

```
`TypeError` was thrown:
    TypeError: Cannot read property 'toString' of undefined
        at BrowserSync.setOption (/home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/dist/browser-sync.js:436:69)
        at /home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/dist/browser-sync.js:188:16
        at Array.forEach (<anonymous>)
        at setOptions (/home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/dist/browser-sync.js:187:30)
        at handleOut (/home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/dist/browser-sync.js:149:9)
        at executeTask (/home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/dist/browser-sync.js:133:17)
        at /home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/dist/async.js:21:13
        at /home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/node_modules/portscanner/lib/portscanner.js:222:7
        at /home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/node_modules/async/lib/async.js:789:30
        at /home/willi84/dev/2022/projects/tiny-helpers/node_modules/browser-sync/node_modules/async/lib/async.js:167:37
```

README.md, after:

# tiny-helpers.dev

> A collection of useful online web development tools.

![Screenshot of tiny-helpers.dev](./screenshot.jpg)

## Contributing

Make sure you have a recent version of [Node.js installed](https://nodejs.org/en/) (we recommend at least version `v12.14.`). After installing Node.js you'll have the `node` but also the [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/) command available. npm is Node.js' package manager.

**Additionally, please have a look at the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) including further information about what counts as a tiny helper.**

Fork and clone this repository. Head over to your terminal and run the following command:

```
git clone git@github.com:[YOUR_USERNAME]/tiny-helpers.git
cd tiny-helpers
npm ci
npm run helper:add
```

### Add a new helper

`npm run helper:add` will ask a few questions and create a file in `helpers/`.
Commit the changes and [open a pull request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request).

### Run the project locally

This project uses Vercel's routing configuration. The `/` route doesn't work locally. To start, navigate to `localhost:8080/home/` after running `npm run dev`.
First set you favorite port as environment variable, e.g. 1234
```
 export PORT=1234
```

then run 
```
npm run dev
```

## Contributors :sparkles:
<table>
    <!-- Only 10 <td> (cell) per <tr> (row) please -->
    <tr>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/stefanjudis">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/962099?v=4" width="75;" alt="stefanjudis"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Stefan Judis</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/fhemberger">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/153481?v=4" width="75;" alt="fhemberger"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Frederic Hemberger</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/nikitahl">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/12826823?v=4" width="75;" alt="nikitahl"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Nikita Hlopov</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/akx">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/58669?v=4" width="75;" alt="akx"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Aarni Koskela</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/0xadada">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/51207?v=4" width="75;" alt="0xadada"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>0xADADA</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/mrassili">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/25288435?v=4" width="75;" alt="mrassili"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Marouane R</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/Ben1980">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/919260?v=4" width="75;" alt="Ben1980"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Benjamin Mahr</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/manniL">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/640208?v=4" width="75;" alt="manniL"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Alexander Lichter</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/CanRau">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/5196971?v=4" width="75;" alt="CanRau"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Can Rau</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/bjuretko">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/30392977?v=4" width="75;" alt="bjuretko"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Benedict Juretko</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/Kilian">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/41970?v=4" width="75;" alt="Kilian"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Kilian Valkhof</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/philnash">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/31462?v=4" width="75;" alt="philnash"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Phil Nash</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/remy">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/13700?v=4" width="75;" alt="remy"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Remy Sharp</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/Sjeiti">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/785706?v=4" width="75;" alt="Sjeiti"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Ron Valstar</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/TomTasche">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/128734?v=4" width="75;" alt="TomTasche"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Thomas Taschauer</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/axe312ger">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1737026?v=4" width="75;" alt="axe312ger"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Benedikt Rötsch</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/nicokoenig">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/16404104?v=4" width="75;" alt="nicokoenig"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Nico König</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/bkmxer">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/18457056?v=4" width="75;" alt="bkmxer"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Anton Ilchuk</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/austinpray">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/2192970?v=4" width="75;" alt="austinpray"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Austin Pray</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/caseymhunt">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/2065615?v=4" width="75;" alt="caseymhunt"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Casey Hunt</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/ChristianGrieger">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/8712219?v=4" width="75;" alt="ChristianGrieger"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Christian Grieger</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/stof">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/439401?v=4" width="75;" alt="stof"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Christophe Coevoet</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/crgeary">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/3949335?v=4" width="75;" alt="crgeary"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Christopher Geary</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/dylanatsmith">
                <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/6905903?v=4" width="75;" alt="dylanatsmith"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Dylan Smith</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/innocenzi">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/16060559?v=4" width="75;" alt="innocenzi"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Enzo Innocenzi</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/loilo">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1922624?v=4" width="75;" alt="loilo"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Florian Reuschel</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/c1rrus">
                <img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/358435?v=4" width="75;" alt="c1rrus"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>James Nash</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/Cherry">
                <img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/856748?v=4" width="75;" alt="Cherry"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>James Ross</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/jankohlbach">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/43587328?v=4" width="75;" alt="jankohlbach"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Jan Kohlbach</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
        <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/gnclmorais">
                <img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/385232?v=4" width="75;" alt="gnclmorais"/>
                <br />
                <sub><b>Gonçalo Morais</b></sub>
            </a>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>
